this video was made possible by
iProspect we can't use that baby it's
ugly it's like you can't say that's an
ugly baby my mom is right no the CMO of
etrade was a guy named Nick Hutton who
did priceless for MasterCard and now
he's done the East rate baby so he has
two massive hits on his hands he said
look we need a Super Bowl spot you know
we love the campaign but it's not a
Super Bowl campaign we need a Super Bowl
spot just think totally of a completely
different spot the year before in
Detroit I had you know done a done my
first Super Bowl ad my whole career that
was a complete flop and was was largely
blamed for our agency in Detroit losing
Cadillac so it was all of a sudden like
okay here we go again
like gotta make it right this time so
personally it was a there was a lot of
pressure on this spot and it was a
talking baby you know the gravy
guess what today that maybe was adopted
by Angelina the first thing we did is we
went out and we shot a lot of babies it
was finding a good balance of a baby who
you know with calm but also had life it
really was this may seem a bit of a
hundred babies that we shot there was
really only one that was usable I'm not
kidding why you take oh I see solitaire
just a man and his thoughts and a
smartphone so there is one word one word
in the original script that is the same
as the script that went on the Super
Bowl and that word is e-trade not in
other words the same I mean it's not the
same story it's nothing similar we sat
down and showed it to Nick for the first
time he said that is brilliant
do another one I'm buying another spot
and we said but we don't have a script
of anything we worked around the clock
you know to get it just to get it just
right from the time Nick said write a
second spot to the Super Bowl was
without exaggeration I think it was a
total of three weeks we were literally
working on that spot till I think the
Friday before the Super Bowl I mean the
boys are talking about what to do with
those extra coin I was like I'm reading
a clown
and I did and Bobo here and I really
underestimated the creepiness there's
nothing more intense than sitting
watching a Super Bowl with all your
friends and you know your spot is gonna
be coming up does the color look right
does the mix sound right I think this is
funny
who knows if America is gonna think it's
funny right I mean you just don't know
etrade babies any trace of the e-trade
one the little etrade baby love them
always is that a tray baby in a minute
it hit text messages are blowing up
everyone's writing the everyone's call
all your friends are calling oh my god I
saw its poison you know it was like the
biggest news agency has had in a long
time going on hold on it's that baby the
trade stops we want a lot of business
based on the success of the e-trade baby
and I definitely learned after the
Cadillac spot it was just it was the
wrong spot there on the Super Bowl when
we did e-trade it was all about humor it
really was it was like let's throw let's
not worry about the crap as a matter of
fact let's go almost anti craft it was
totally by the seat of our pants
you